=head1 NAME

SweetPea::Documentation

=head1 DESCRIPTION

SweetPea is the module you would use when you need to develop modern CGI scripts for web-related purposes. L<SweetPea-Application> is better suite for create robust and scalable web applications. SweetPea was designed for Perl novice and experts alike, please see L<SweetPea::Cli::Documentation> for a quick start guide.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Oh how Sweet web application development can be ...

    use SweetPea;
    sweet->routes({
    
        '/' => sub {
            shift->forward('/way');
        },
        
        '/way' => sub {
            shift->html('I am the way the truth and the light!');
        }
        
    })->run;

=head1 EXPORTED

    sweet(); # a shortcut to the instantiated SweetPea object



=head1 OTHER DOCUMENTATION

=over 4


=item * L<SweetPea::Documentation>

=item * L<SweetPea::Documentation::HowItWorks|SweetPea::Documentation::HowItWorks>


=back


=head1 PROJECT

SweetPea - A web framework that doesn't get in the way, or suck.

=head1 PROJECT DESCRIPTION

SweetPea is a modern web application framework that is fast, scalable, and light-weight.  SweetPea has a short learning curve and a common sense object-oriented API. See L<SweetPea::Cli::Documentation> for a QuickStart Guide. 

=head1 PROJECT POD URL

L<http://app.alnewkirk.com/pod/projects/sweetpea/>


=head1 AUTHOR

Al Newkirk, C<< <al.newkirk at awnstudio.com> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-SweetPea at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=SweetPea>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.

=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc SweetPea

You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=SweetPea>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/SweetPea>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/SweetPea>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/SweetPea/>

=back


=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Al Newkirk <al.newkirk@awnstudio.com>

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2009 Al Newkirk, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut